The information contained on the Intuition website and related assets such as
emails (the "information") has been prepared by Xavier Bruhiere (nominate
further XB) solely for informational purposes, is not a recommendation to
participate in any particular trading strategy and should not be considered as
an investment advice or an offer to sell or buy securities.

All information provided by XB is impersonal and not tailored to the needs of
any person, entity or group of persons.

The information shall not be used for any unlawful or unauthorised purposes.
The information is provided on an "as is" basis.

Although XB shall obtain information from sources which Xavier Bruhiere
considers to be reliable, neither XB nor its information providers involved in,
or related to, compiling, computing or creating the information (collectively,
the "XB Parties") guarantees the accuracy and/or the completeness of any of
this information.

None of the XB Parties makes any representation or warranty, express or
implied, as to the results to be obtained by any person or entity from any use
of this information, and the user of this information assumes the entire risk
of any use made of this information. None of the XB Parties makes any express
or implied warranties, and the XB Parties hereby expressly disclaim all implied
warranties (including, without limitation, any implied warranties of accuracy,
completeness, timeliness, sequence, currentness, merchantability, quality or
fitness for a particular purpose) with respect to any of this information.

Without limiting any of the foregoing, in no event shall any of the XB Parties
have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential
or any other damages (including lost profits), even if notified of the
possibility of such damages.

All Intuition Indices and data are the exclusive property of XB.

Information containing any historical information, data or analysis should not
be taken as an indication or guarantee of any future performance, analysis,
forecast or prediction. Past performance does not guarantee future results. In
many cases, hypothetical, back-tested results were achieved by means of the
retroactive application of a simulation model and, as such, the corresponding
results have inherent limitations.

The Index returns shown do not represent the results of actual trading of
investable assets/securities. XB maintains the Index and calculates the Index
levels and performance shown or discussed, but does not manage actual assets.
Index returns do not reflect payment of any sales charges or fees an investor
may pay to purchase the securities underlying the Index or investment funds
that are intended to track the performance of the Index. The imposition of
these fees and charges would cause actual and back-tested performance of the
securities/fund to be lower than the Index performance shown. Back-tested
performance may not reflect the impact that any material market or economic
factors might have had on the advisor's management of actual client assets.

The information may be used to create works such as charts and reports. Limited
extracts of information and/or data derived from the information may be
distributed or redistributed provided this is done infrequently in a
non-systematic manner. The information may be used within the framework of
investment activities provided that it is not done in connection with the
marketing or promotion of any financial instrument or investment product that
makes any explicit reference to the trademarks licensed to XB (INTUITION
HIVETECH and any other trademarks licensed to XB) and that is based on, or
seeks to match, the performance of the whole, or any part, of a Intuition
index. Such use requires that the Subscriber first enters into a separate
license agreement with XB. The Information may not be used to verify or correct
other data or information from other sources.

The terms contained in this Disclaimer are in addition to the Terms of Service
for users without a subscription applicable to the Intuition website, which are
  incorporated herein by reference.
